feat: #258 Register Counterparty Address (#376)
cosmos/ibc-go: docs/ibc/proto-docs.md

| Method Name | Request Type | Response Type | Description | HTTP Verb | Endpoint |
| ----------- | ------------ | ------------- | ------------| ------- | -------- |

> | `RegisterCounterpartyAddress` | [MsgRegisterCounterpartyAddress](#ibc.applications.fee.v1.MsgRegisterCounterpartyAddress) | [MsgRegisterCounterpartyAddressResponse](#ibc.applications.fee.v1.MsgRegisterCounterpartyAddressResponse) | RegisterCounterpartyAddress defines a rpc handler method for MsgRegisterCounterpartyAddress RegisterCounterpartyAddress is called by the relayer on each channelEnd and allows them to specify their counterparty address before relaying. This ensures they will be properly compensated for forward relaying since destination chain must send back relayer's source address (counterparty address) in acknowledgement. This function may be called more than once by a relayer, in which case, latest counterparty address is always used. | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `RegisterCounterpartyAddress` | [MsgRegisterCounterpartyAddress](#ibc.applications.fee.v1.MsgRegisterCounterpartyAddress) | [MsgRegisterCounterpartyAddressResponse](#ibc.applications.fee.v1.MsgRegisterCounterpartyAddressResponse) | RegisterCounterpartyAddress defines a rpc handler method for MsgRegisterCounterpartyAddress. RegisterCounterpartyAddress is called by the relayer on each channelEnd and allows them to specify their counterparty address before relaying. This ensures they will be properly compensated for forward relaying on the source chain since destination chain must send back relayer's source address (counterparty address) in acknowledgement. This function may be called more than once by a relayer, in which case, the previous counterparty address will be overwritten by the new counterparty address. | |
```

for clarity?
